welcome back to the cleaned amounts to
play foof let's go wreck some heartless
fellow style when do we not wreck
heartless Tom when do you stop a
wrecking heartless cutscenes maybe hell
dragon well obviously you start wrecking
the cutscene don't you know how to fight
one
well Resident Evil 4 told me how to do
it especially with krauser I'm not like
oh well QuickTime events that was really
well done
Capcom thanks a lot Oh Capcom do a lot
of shitty things
yeah like Megaman universe Rumble Rumble
well we'll discuss that in the next
Hellfire cast coming probably either
tomorrow or the day after by the time
you're watching this part L fire comes
it'll happen eventually
I saw new tropes quite thing now isn't
it I think so but there are so many
better things I have said that you could
have put up there guys come on you're so
ungrateful little bitch how dragon us
what I'm just kidding you know I really
like the whole fact that everyone's
contributing to the tropes page I even
hmm also stuff that's missing there
though I still like Mulan's a limit
command even though this is kind of a
boring film apart it still looks pretty
cool mmm yes seriously sharing these
parts we just have to find any old thing
to talk about I know better than a bear
ball but it has to be addressed let's
talk about that
a tornado heartless they just kill never
mind it's a heartless that cuts a
tornado not only think about it we
haven't gone to the prime lands haven't
we that's in part 90 or so I think
oh man that's gonna be a while isn't it
well it's going to be roughly around 14
parcel so it was my rudimentary math
skills get the fuck away from me I just
imagine you walking along enough because
while you're talking here like yes I'll
fuck away from you
well you know I was trying to ruin a
boundary muffin it comes and gets awful
all in my grill and walnuts
justin is the magic am you freaking out
over booties in real life well I would
just run away from the bees I won't try
to attack in the hall
oh no not the bees not the Bears they're
in my eyes men some bees in here would
have made this place look lively at
least it's so empty
oh no bees very carefully I guess I
don't know I don't normally funnel bees
killing me won't bring back your goddamn
honey
oh man more centaurs and the Thunder
dicks I don't know what they're called I
calm Thunder dicks because what do they
remind you of dick sucking shootout fund
oh oh oh well there you go son not so
tough are you now sent off uh-huh I
don't know he's doing a pretty good job
kicking your ass like normal you see if
this is why is I've no confidence the
second I got a bit of enthusiasm someone
comes along and fucks me over I mean
even when you're like alone in your room
somebody who'll come in somehow I'm just
going along doing mouths and there you
go comes the B to mess everything up you
can't add what's wrong with you be
annoying babe and move on is dead
almost instantly nice to know good to
know that turning from pink to moon on
have no effect whatsoever yeah they do
that lightning move that you can send
back at them and really the Thunder
dicks don't have a reason to be here
it's not one of those emphases where's
what being a thunder dick know that move
where they levitate you into the air and
shoot you of lightning yeah oh yeah yeah
that's what if his boobs
well at least and final mix anyway I
really should have used my limits more
with B my original party members because
you know you have access to them more
often
nups mucks just rips the shit out
everything is unreal yeah I know I
should have used that on demyx because
apparently that makes them more
manageable but I didn't know if you want
to laugh a lot master for me
it's a good idea because there's loads
of tribes yeah but that wouldn't mean
grinding Tom and God knows I'm not gonna
do that
spitter spinning time Sonics like yeah
that's cool
the palaces oh oh got a speed-up no
don't say that that there they have to
speed up now come on we'll get back so
they eventually don't worry well at
least we didn't have to run all the way
there and a speedy quick time thing like
in Sonic oh six this is so exciting look
at everything that's going on I'm glad
we needed a separate gameplay scene
where he just walked up to the door
thanks I mean you've got cozy inside you
know you love to use them so why makers
walk for a few seconds exactly like you
know when we were back in beast castle
and we had to approach the beast that's
all you have to do closely you should
just activate when you go in the room
you know just play the whole game for me
come on I don't have time for this shit
they have to use those wait and things
to get up here no I think that was
something completely different in the
movie
well she had like what was that it's
like a piece of cloth oh why get it's
playing back to the movie I actually
understand it now mmm well the over the
free soldier dudes trust in drug don't
know don't remind me of that the butch
one was very butcher the lady let me
tell you what I still have no idea how
you would climb a pole without any kind
of help cuz I know my ass would be
sliding down all the way
I promise with trees fuck Chippendale
your reign of terror is over I will
destroy you and then break that
impressive robot your girlfriend made
she's not my girlfriend I will crush
your nuts metaphorical as well as
physical he's got skinny arms
well let me maybe the robot change sizes
I don't know maybe the very punch all
their diet yeah they got a lot of those
out there you know oh we just got
trolled again fucking organization 13
should be called trolled ization 1400
stat that didn't even makes sense I
don't think I should post one because
Chippendales in there as well oh well
okay then I'm a Kashia
what's let's talk about the snipers they
are zig bars nobodies do you wanna do
that I don't have any information on
these guys their dicks be end but yeah
fucking laser sights holy shit they can
teleport their bullets as well it's
pretty cool it's cool I guess and I do
kind of like zig bars how he when you
fight him I like how he fights it's
annoying as shit but he's my favorite
member of the organizations they fought
because while everyone else is using
kind of melee things he sticks with guns
yeah he's actually kind of smart you
know fuck your swords and shit I'm gonna
get my crazy ass lightning gun sick boss
shoes first he always shoots first yeah
but what about that edited scene where
you can see sores head slide out
temporarily stopped being a camper at
least I not bees already would be
dickish look if their snipers I just
hope they don't have jarate alright I
don't need jarate in here sorry Team
Fortress 2 reference yes it is
you know I don't play that game well
maybe it's there if you don't know what
your body is probably not look it up on
Google if you're brave enough anyway uh
next time we will hopefully be kicking
sig Bart ass maybe nope boss fight storm
rider next time 77 bye